README.md, before:

# Podcasts

## Recommended Podcast Apps:

- Android: [Podcast Addict](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bambuna.podcastaddict&hl=en) (this is what I use) or [Pocket Casts](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=au.com.shiftyjelly.pocketcasts)
- iOS: Don’t have one, but I trust [CGP Grey’s recommendations](http://www.cgpgrey.com/blog/recommended-podcast-apps)

I’ve provided links for context only. If something catches your eye, subscribe to it on your mobile app so you can listen to it when you’re driving, eating, walking, working out, or doing chores.

## Tech

[The Changelog](https://changelog.com/podcast) - Interviews and conversations about open source sofware development.  
[Codenewbie](http://www.codenewbie.org/podcast) - Interviews on what it’s like to learn to code.  
[Codepen Radio](http://blog.codepen.io/radio/) - The three founders of [Codepen](http://codepen.io) talk about what it’s like to run a startup.  
[Developer Tea](https://developertea.com/) - Short, digestible interviews and talks about becoming a better developer.  
[Exponent](http://exponent.fm/) - conversations about the broader trends of tech in society.  
[Full Stack Radio](http://www.fullstackradio.com/) - interviews with folks in the world of full stack web development  
[Giant Robots Smashing Into Other Giant Robots](http://giantrobots.fm/) - ThoughtBot’s podcast. Interviews with programming movers and shakers.  
[Javascript Jabber](http://devchat.tv/js-jabber/) - Interviews and discussions about Javascript.  
[Internet History Podcast](http://www.internethistorypodcast.com/) - The history of the internet, starting from Mosaic.  
[Note to Self](http://www.wnyc.org/shows/notetoself/) - Examines how technology is changing our society and culture.  
[Pragmatic](http://techdistortion.com/podcasts/pragmatic) - "weekly discussion show contemplating the practical application of technology."  
[Ruby Rogues](http://rubyrogues.com/) - Interviews and discussions about Ruby.  
[Talking Machines](http://www.thetalkingmachines.com/) - Conversations about machine learning.  
[The Big Web Show](http://5by5.tv/bigwebshow) - Discussions about the web, design, art, and more.  
[This Developer’s Life](http://thisdeveloperslife.com/) - Stories about developers and their lives.  
[Triangulation](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=2&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0CDMQFjAB&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Ftwit.tv%2Ftri&amp;ei=Ew0YU7mMOMT1qwHh5oHIBw&amp;usg=AFQjCNENurn0KzFCVuO404lF-RwV26MWkg&amp;sig2=yOXK7bnWJBVduaiYmWeokQ&amp;bvm=bv.62577051,d.aWM)- TWiT’s Leo Laporte interviews technology visionaries about big ideas and historical events in tech.  
[Software Engineering Radio](http://www.se-radio.net/) - interviews with influential folks from the world of software.  


## Entrepreneurship

[Dorm Room Tycoon](http://drt.fm/) - Interviews with startup founders and entrepreneurial thought leaders.  
[StartUp Podcast](http://hearstartup.com/) - Alex Bloomberg, formerly of [Planet Money](http://www.npr.org/blogs/money/), podcasts about what it’s like to start a podcasting startup.  

## History

[Backstory with the American History Guys](http://backstoryradio.org/%20/t%20_blank) - History with three professors from VA colleges. They take a modern event/object/phenomena and look at the history of it in the US.  
[Dan Carlin’s Hardcore History](http://www.dancarlin.com/disp.php/hharchive) - Gripping stories from history. Will leave you drained!  
[Decode DC](http://www.decodedc.com/) - Politics from the inside, taking the long-view. The only political show I listen to.  
[Revolutions](http://www.revolutionspodcast.com/) - from the creator of The History of Rome, a podcast about the world’s great revolutions.  
[The History of Rome](http://thehistoryofrome.typepad.com/%20/t%20_blank) - Start from the beginning and listen to this one through. You won’t be disappointed.  
[The Memory Palace](http://thememorypalace.us/) - No longer produced, but it's worth digging through the archive of this history podcast.

## Society, Culture

[99% Invisible](http://99percentinvisible.org/%20/t%20_blank) - Design of everyday things. You’ll never look at everyday objects the same again.  
[Benjamen Walker’s Theory of Everything](http://toe.prx.org/) - Mix of fiction, storytelling, real interviews - gets at deep topics particularly in social media and big data.  
[Hello Internet](http://www.hellointernet.fm/) - My favorite podcast in the “two guys talking” genre. Two of my favorite YouTube producers, Brady Haran and CGP Grey go at it.  
[NPR: Hearing Voices](http://hearingvoices.com/%20/t%20_blank) - Soundscapes centered around particular topics.  
[NPR: TED Radio Hour](http://www.npr.org/programs/ted-radio-hour/%20/t%20_blank) - TED talks and interviews with the speakers.  
[On The Media](http://www.onthemedia.org/) - An inside look at how the media operates.  
[The Tim Ferris Show](http://fourhourworkweek.com/podcast/) - Author and speaker Tim Ferris asks, “What makes a great life?"  
[To the Best of Our Knowledge](http://www.ttbook.org/) - Spend two hours diving deep into the ideas that fuel our world.  

## Religion, Spirituality

[Alan Watts Podcast](http://www.alanwattspodcast.com/) - talks by philosopher Alan Watts. Zen.  
[On Being with Krista Tippett](http://www.onbeing.org/%20/t%20_blank) - Interviews with influential people in the world of religion, spirituality.  
[Tara Brach](http://www.tarabrach.com/audiodharma.html) - I always feel better after listening to Tara’s talks and guided meditations.

## Economics/Finance

[Econtalk](http://www.econtalk.org/) - Mixed bag… some are _super_ fascinating, others aren’t. Russ Roberts, a professor at Stanford, interviews people about economics topics.  
[Freakonomics Radio](http://www.freakonomics.com/tag/freakonomics-podcast/%20/t%20_blank) - Economics from a unique perspective. Economics like you’ve never heard it before. Very interesting stuff!  
[NPR: Planet Money](http://www.npr.org/blogs/money/) - Economics and Finance explained simply using relevant, real-world examples. This is one of my favorites.  

## Science

[60 Second Podcasts](http://www.scientificamerican.com/podcast/%20/t%20_blank) (Science, Health, Space, Mind, Tech) - scientific studies/discoveries explained in ~60 seconds.  
[Brainstuff](http://entertainment.howstuffworks.com/hsw-shows/brain-stuff-podcast.htm%20/t%20_blank) - For when you wonder, “Hmmmm… how does that work?”  
[Gastropod](http://gastropod.com/) - The science and history behind what we eat.  
[Radiolab](http://www.radiolab.org/%20/t%20_blank) - A must-listen. Immersive, super-well polished radio show about science.  
[Science Weekly](http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/series/science%20/t%20_blank) - Covers what’s been happening in the world of science. Interviews authors/speakers/visionaries.  
[Star Talk](http://www.startalkradio.net/) - Neil deGrasse Tyson (the modern Carl Sagan) hosts this comedy show about astrophysics.  
[You are Not So Smart](http://youarenotsosmart.com/podcast/) - Aptly described as a “Celebration of Self Delusion”... with cookies!

## Stories

[APM: A Prairie Home Companion](http://prairiehome.publicradio.org/%20/t%20_blank) - Classic Garrison Keillor; NPR comedy, not for everyone, but I love it.  
[Serial](http://serialpodcast.org/) - from the creators of This American Life, a new podcast that tells an epic true story, one episode at a time.  
[SNAP Judgment](http://snapjudgment.org/) - Quickly becoming one of the hottest podcasts. True stories told to a beat. Very entertaining.  
[The Moth](http://themoth.org/%20/t%20_blank) - True stories told live, on stage, without notes. Great for expanding your perspective and putting yourself in others’ shoes.  
[This American Life](http://www.thisamericanlife.org/%20/t%20_blank) - The long-reigning #1 podcast in the nation (and for good reason) - True stories and short fiction about life in America.  

## Humor

[Judge John Hodgman](http://www.maximumfun.org/shows/judge-john-hodgman%20/t%20_blank) - Hilarious. John Hodgman, former correspondent with the Daily Show and PC from the PC/Mac commercials, takes on real disputes between friends and couples and dishes out judgement.  
[Heavyweight](https://gimletmedia.com/heavyweight/) - Jonathan Goldstein, of Wiretap, helps his friends and family work through gnawing interpersonal issues. Both funny and poingnant.  
[Wiretap from CBC Radio](http://www.cbc.ca/wiretap/%20/t%20_blank) - CBC host Jonathan Goldstein writes and produces this comedy show about his life. Funny and deep.  

## Education

[EducationNext](http://educationnext.org/multimedia/#podcast) - Interviews with education authors and thought leaders.  
[NPR: Education](http://www.npr.org/sections/education/) - Education news and commentary from NPR

<hr>

# Youtube

## Science

[ASAP Science](http://www.youtube.com/user/AsapSCIENCE%20/t%20_blank) - Short, animated science talks.  
Crash Course [Biology](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3EED4C1D684D3ADF), [Chemistry](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtPHzzYuWy6fYEaX9mQQ8oGr), [Psychology](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtOPRKzVLY0jJY-uHOH9KVU6) - Science edutainment.  
[Earth Unplugged](http://www.youtube.com/earthunplugged%20/t%20_blank) - BBC show about earth science  
[It’s Okay to be Smart](https://www.youtube.com/user/itsokaytobesmart/featured)- PBS show featuring PhD biologist explaining concepts in science.  
[Minute Earth](http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeiYXex_fwgYDonaTcSIk6w) - Ecology and earth science in ~60 seconds.  
[Minute Physics](http://www.youtube.com/user/minutephysics?feature=results_main%20/t%20_blank) - Super interesting physics concepts explained simply in ~60 seconds.  
[SciShow](http://www.youtube.com/user/scishow%20/t%20_blank) - What’s happening in the world of science  
[Smarter Every Day](http://www.youtube.com/user/destinws2%20/t%20_blank) - Destin is a rocket scientist who has a zest for life and learning that’s infectious.  
[The Brain Scoop](http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkyfHZ6bY2TjqbJhiH8Y2QQ%20/t%20_blank) - *Gross-out warning* Zoologist dissecting animals and just being generally awesome.  
[Veritasium](http://www.youtube.com/veritasium%20/t%20_blank) - PhD in physics who is trying to reinvent the way we teach science - super interesting  
[VSauce](http://www.youtube.com/user/vsauce?feature=results_main%20/t%20_blank) - science videos that will blow your mind.  

## Math

[Art of the Problem](http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCotwjyJnb-4KW7bmsOoLfkg%20/t%20_blank) - Who knew information science could be so cool? Also featured on Khan Academy (in the “Applied Math” videos)  
[Numberphile](http://www.youtube.com/user/numberphile%20/t%20_blank) - Fascinating ~10-15 minute videos about interesting concepts in math.  
[Vihart](http://www.youtube.com/user/Vihart%20/t%20_blank) - I wish she had been my math teacher. Mad genius. Truly brilliant stuff.  

## Tech

[Computerphile](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA)- Like Numberphile (above), but about computers.  
[Extra Credits](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCODtTcd5M1JavPCOr_Uydg) - Popular channel about game design.

## History

Crash Course [World History](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBDA2E52FB1EF80C9), [American History](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtMwmepBjTSG593eG7ObzO7s) - Entertaining history lessons with John Green, history buff and author (_The Fault in Our Stars_)

## Other

[Big Think](http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvQECJukTDE2i6aCoMnS-Vg) - big ideas explained by big thinkers.  
[CGP Grey](http://www.youtube.com/user/cgpgrey?feature=results_main%20/t%20_blank) - Mr. Grey takes obscure topics and makes them fascinating  
[Crash Course Literature](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtOeEc9ME62zTfqc0h6Pe8vb) - John Green (author of _The Fault in Our Stars_) explains what’s great about great books.  
[SoulPancake](http://www.youtube.com/user/soulpancake?feature=watch%20/t%20_blank) - 100% love and positivity guaranteed to make you feel better about the human race. The [My Last Days](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzvRx_johoA8ITQgxBpeJTaDUhhIB7bfX) series is beautiful.  
[PBS Idea Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3LqW4ijMoENQ2Wv17ZrFJA) - "a PBS show that examines the connections between pop culture, technology and art.”  
[zefrank1](http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVpankR4HtoAVtYnFDUieYA) - A YouTube original.  

<hr>

# Reading

## Books

[A Short History of Nearly Everything](http://www.amazon.com/Short-History-Nearly-Everything/dp/076790818X/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1394085733&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=a+short+history+of+nearly+everything) - Bill Bryson will blow your mind for 544 straight pages.  
[Ishmael](http://www.amazon.com/Ishmael-Adventure-Spirit-Daniel-Quinn/dp/0553375407/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1394085661&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=ishmael)[ ](http://www.amazon.com/Ishmael-Adventure-Spirit-Daniel-Quinn/dp/0553375407/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1394085661&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=ishmael)- Forever changed the way I see man’s relation to the Earth. Life changing.  
[Living, Loving, and Learning](http://www.amazon.com/Living-Loving-Learning-Leo-Buscaglia/dp/0449901815/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1394085676&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=living+loving+and+learning) - Leo is one of my major influences.  
[Stumbling on Happiness](http://www.amazon.com/Stumbling-Happiness-Daniel-Gilbert/dp/1400077427/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1394085691&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=stumbling+on+happiness) - We’re not so good at predicting what makes us happy. This book was funny and insightful. I think about it all the time.  
Anything by [Tom Robbins](http://www.amazon.com/Tom-Robbins/e/B000APVAHM).

<hr>
# Online Learning

[Codecademy](http://www.codecademy.com/learn) - beginner tutorials for web technologies.  
[Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/) - Hundreds of free college classes from the world’s best universities.  
[Duolingo](http://www.duolingo.com/) - Learn languages for free; [More effective than college language class or Rosetta stone](https://www.duolingo.com/comment/138340).  
[edX](https://www.edx.org/) - MOOCs by Harvard, MIT, and other top universities.  
[Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/science/core-finance) - an education Mecca.  
[Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/) - MOOCs designed in collaboration with top tech companies.  
[Vocabulary.com](http://www.vocabulary.com/) - Fun way to expand your vocabulary. I find myself using/seeing words from here all the time.

<hr>
Thanks for checking out my list! Comments and pull-requests welcome. :)

Commit message:

Add S-Town to Stories podcast list

README.md, after:

# Podcasts

## Recommended Podcast Apps:

- Android: [Podcast Addict](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bambuna.podcastaddict&hl=en) (this is what I use) or [Pocket Casts](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=au.com.shiftyjelly.pocketcasts)
- iOS: Don’t have one, but I trust [CGP Grey’s recommendations](http://www.cgpgrey.com/blog/recommended-podcast-apps)

I’ve provided links for context only. If something catches your eye, subscribe to it on your mobile app so you can listen to it when you’re driving, eating, walking, working out, or doing chores.

## Tech

[The Changelog](https://changelog.com/podcast) - Interviews and conversations about open source sofware development.  
[Codenewbie](http://www.codenewbie.org/podcast) - Interviews on what it’s like to learn to code.  
[Codepen Radio](http://blog.codepen.io/radio/) - The three founders of [Codepen](http://codepen.io) talk about what it’s like to run a startup.  
[Developer Tea](https://developertea.com/) - Short, digestible interviews and talks about becoming a better developer.  
[Exponent](http://exponent.fm/) - conversations about the broader trends of tech in society.  
[Full Stack Radio](http://www.fullstackradio.com/) - interviews with folks in the world of full stack web development  
[Giant Robots Smashing Into Other Giant Robots](http://giantrobots.fm/) - ThoughtBot’s podcast. Interviews with programming movers and shakers.  
[Javascript Jabber](http://devchat.tv/js-jabber/) - Interviews and discussions about Javascript.  
[Internet History Podcast](http://www.internethistorypodcast.com/) - The history of the internet, starting from Mosaic.  
[Note to Self](http://www.wnyc.org/shows/notetoself/) - Examines how technology is changing our society and culture.  
[Pragmatic](http://techdistortion.com/podcasts/pragmatic) - "weekly discussion show contemplating the practical application of technology."  
[Ruby Rogues](http://rubyrogues.com/) - Interviews and discussions about Ruby.  
[Talking Machines](http://www.thetalkingmachines.com/) - Conversations about machine learning.  
[The Big Web Show](http://5by5.tv/bigwebshow) - Discussions about the web, design, art, and more.  
[This Developer’s Life](http://thisdeveloperslife.com/) - Stories about developers and their lives.  
[Triangulation](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=2&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0CDMQFjAB&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Ftwit.tv%2Ftri&amp;ei=Ew0YU7mMOMT1qwHh5oHIBw&amp;usg=AFQjCNENurn0KzFCVuO404lF-RwV26MWkg&amp;sig2=yOXK7bnWJBVduaiYmWeokQ&amp;bvm=bv.62577051,d.aWM)- TWiT’s Leo Laporte interviews technology visionaries about big ideas and historical events in tech.  
[Software Engineering Radio](http://www.se-radio.net/) - interviews with influential folks from the world of software.  


## Entrepreneurship

[Dorm Room Tycoon](http://drt.fm/) - Interviews with startup founders and entrepreneurial thought leaders.  
[StartUp Podcast](http://hearstartup.com/) - Alex Bloomberg, formerly of [Planet Money](http://www.npr.org/blogs/money/), podcasts about what it’s like to start a podcasting startup.  

## History

[Backstory with the American History Guys](http://backstoryradio.org/%20/t%20_blank) - History with three professors from VA colleges. They take a modern event/object/phenomena and look at the history of it in the US.  
[Dan Carlin’s Hardcore History](http://www.dancarlin.com/disp.php/hharchive) - Gripping stories from history. Will leave you drained!  
[Decode DC](http://www.decodedc.com/) - Politics from the inside, taking the long-view. The only political show I listen to.  
[Revolutions](http://www.revolutionspodcast.com/) - from the creator of The History of Rome, a podcast about the world’s great revolutions.  
[The History of Rome](http://thehistoryofrome.typepad.com/%20/t%20_blank) - Start from the beginning and listen to this one through. You won’t be disappointed.  
[The Memory Palace](http://thememorypalace.us/) - No longer produced, but it's worth digging through the archive of this history podcast.

## Society, Culture

[99% Invisible](http://99percentinvisible.org/%20/t%20_blank) - Design of everyday things. You’ll never look at everyday objects the same again.  
[Benjamen Walker’s Theory of Everything](http://toe.prx.org/) - Mix of fiction, storytelling, real interviews - gets at deep topics particularly in social media and big data.  
[Hello Internet](http://www.hellointernet.fm/) - My favorite podcast in the “two guys talking” genre. Two of my favorite YouTube producers, Brady Haran and CGP Grey go at it.  
[NPR: Hearing Voices](http://hearingvoices.com/%20/t%20_blank) - Soundscapes centered around particular topics.  
[NPR: TED Radio Hour](http://www.npr.org/programs/ted-radio-hour/%20/t%20_blank) - TED talks and interviews with the speakers.  
[On The Media](http://www.onthemedia.org/) - An inside look at how the media operates.  
[The Tim Ferris Show](http://fourhourworkweek.com/podcast/) - Author and speaker Tim Ferris asks, “What makes a great life?"  
[To the Best of Our Knowledge](http://www.ttbook.org/) - Spend two hours diving deep into the ideas that fuel our world.  

## Religion, Spirituality

[Alan Watts Podcast](http://www.alanwattspodcast.com/) - talks by philosopher Alan Watts. Zen.  
[On Being with Krista Tippett](http://www.onbeing.org/%20/t%20_blank) - Interviews with influential people in the world of religion, spirituality.  
[Tara Brach](http://www.tarabrach.com/audiodharma.html) - I always feel better after listening to Tara’s talks and guided meditations.

## Economics/Finance

[Econtalk](http://www.econtalk.org/) - Mixed bag… some are _super_ fascinating, others aren’t. Russ Roberts, a professor at Stanford, interviews people about economics topics.  
[Freakonomics Radio](http://www.freakonomics.com/tag/freakonomics-podcast/%20/t%20_blank) - Economics from a unique perspective. Economics like you’ve never heard it before. Very interesting stuff!  
[NPR: Planet Money](http://www.npr.org/blogs/money/) - Economics and Finance explained simply using relevant, real-world examples. This is one of my favorites.  

## Science

[60 Second Podcasts](http://www.scientificamerican.com/podcast/%20/t%20_blank) (Science, Health, Space, Mind, Tech) - scientific studies/discoveries explained in ~60 seconds.  
[Brainstuff](http://entertainment.howstuffworks.com/hsw-shows/brain-stuff-podcast.htm%20/t%20_blank) - For when you wonder, “Hmmmm… how does that work?”  
[Gastropod](http://gastropod.com/) - The science and history behind what we eat.  
[Radiolab](http://www.radiolab.org/%20/t%20_blank) - A must-listen. Immersive, super-well polished radio show about science.  
[Science Weekly](http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/series/science%20/t%20_blank) - Covers what’s been happening in the world of science. Interviews authors/speakers/visionaries.  
[Star Talk](http://www.startalkradio.net/) - Neil deGrasse Tyson (the modern Carl Sagan) hosts this comedy show about astrophysics.  
[You are Not So Smart](http://youarenotsosmart.com/podcast/) - Aptly described as a “Celebration of Self Delusion”... with cookies!

## Stories

[APM: A Prairie Home Companion](http://prairiehome.publicradio.org/%20/t%20_blank) - Classic Garrison Keillor; NPR comedy, not for everyone, but I love it.  
[Serial](http://serialpodcast.org/) - from the creators of This American Life, a new podcast that tells an epic true story, one episode at a time.  
[SNAP Judgment](http://snapjudgment.org/) - Quickly becoming one of the hottest podcasts. True stories told to a beat. Very entertaining.  
[The Moth](http://themoth.org/%20/t%20_blank) - True stories told live, on stage, without notes. Great for expanding your perspective and putting yourself in others’ shoes.  
[This American Life](http://www.thisamericanlife.org/%20/t%20_blank) - The long-reigning #1 podcast in the nation (and for good reason) - True stories and short fiction about life in America.  
[S-Town](https://stownpodcast.org/) - A masterpiece series featuring a death, a feud, a hunt for treasure, and a mysterious man. From the producers of Serial. So good, you'll want to listent to it thrice.

## Humor

[Judge John Hodgman](http://www.maximumfun.org/shows/judge-john-hodgman%20/t%20_blank) - Hilarious. John Hodgman, former correspondent with the Daily Show and PC from the PC/Mac commercials, takes on real disputes between friends and couples and dishes out judgement.  
[Heavyweight](https://gimletmedia.com/heavyweight/) - Jonathan Goldstein, of Wiretap, helps his friends and family work through gnawing interpersonal issues. Both funny and poingnant.  
[Wiretap from CBC Radio](http://www.cbc.ca/wiretap/%20/t%20_blank) - CBC host Jonathan Goldstein writes and produces this comedy show about his life. Funny and deep.  

## Education

[EducationNext](http://educationnext.org/multimedia/#podcast) - Interviews with education authors and thought leaders.  
[NPR: Education](http://www.npr.org/sections/education/) - Education news and commentary from NPR

<hr>

# Youtube

## Science

[ASAP Science](http://www.youtube.com/user/AsapSCIENCE%20/t%20_blank) - Short, animated science talks.  
Crash Course [Biology](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3EED4C1D684D3ADF), [Chemistry](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtPHzzYuWy6fYEaX9mQQ8oGr), [Psychology](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtOPRKzVLY0jJY-uHOH9KVU6) - Science edutainment.  
[Earth Unplugged](http://www.youtube.com/earthunplugged%20/t%20_blank) - BBC show about earth science  
[It’s Okay to be Smart](https://www.youtube.com/user/itsokaytobesmart/featured)- PBS show featuring PhD biologist explaining concepts in science.  
[Minute Earth](http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeiYXex_fwgYDonaTcSIk6w) - Ecology and earth science in ~60 seconds.  
[Minute Physics](http://www.youtube.com/user/minutephysics?feature=results_main%20/t%20_blank) - Super interesting physics concepts explained simply in ~60 seconds.  
[SciShow](http://www.youtube.com/user/scishow%20/t%20_blank) - What’s happening in the world of science  
[Smarter Every Day](http://www.youtube.com/user/destinws2%20/t%20_blank) - Destin is a rocket scientist who has a zest for life and learning that’s infectious.  
[The Brain Scoop](http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkyfHZ6bY2TjqbJhiH8Y2QQ%20/t%20_blank) - *Gross-out warning* Zoologist dissecting animals and just being generally awesome.  
[Veritasium](http://www.youtube.com/veritasium%20/t%20_blank) - PhD in physics who is trying to reinvent the way we teach science - super interesting  
[VSauce](http://www.youtube.com/user/vsauce?feature=results_main%20/t%20_blank) - science videos that will blow your mind.  

## Math

[Art of the Problem](http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCotwjyJnb-4KW7bmsOoLfkg%20/t%20_blank) - Who knew information science could be so cool? Also featured on Khan Academy (in the “Applied Math” videos)  
[Numberphile](http://www.youtube.com/user/numberphile%20/t%20_blank) - Fascinating ~10-15 minute videos about interesting concepts in math.  
[Vihart](http://www.youtube.com/user/Vihart%20/t%20_blank) - I wish she had been my math teacher. Mad genius. Truly brilliant stuff.  

## Tech

[Computerphile](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA)- Like Numberphile (above), but about computers.  
[Extra Credits](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCODtTcd5M1JavPCOr_Uydg) - Popular channel about game design.

## History

Crash Course [World History](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBDA2E52FB1EF80C9), [American History](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtMwmepBjTSG593eG7ObzO7s) - Entertaining history lessons with John Green, history buff and author (_The Fault in Our Stars_)

## Other

[Big Think](http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvQECJukTDE2i6aCoMnS-Vg) - big ideas explained by big thinkers.  
[CGP Grey](http://www.youtube.com/user/cgpgrey?feature=results_main%20/t%20_blank) - Mr. Grey takes obscure topics and makes them fascinating  
[Crash Course Literature](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtOeEc9ME62zTfqc0h6Pe8vb) - John Green (author of _The Fault in Our Stars_) explains what’s great about great books.  
[SoulPancake](http://www.youtube.com/user/soulpancake?feature=watch%20/t%20_blank) - 100% love and positivity guaranteed to make you feel better about the human race. The [My Last Days](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzvRx_johoA8ITQgxBpeJTaDUhhIB7bfX) series is beautiful.  
[PBS Idea Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3LqW4ijMoENQ2Wv17ZrFJA) - "a PBS show that examines the connections between pop culture, technology and art.”  
[zefrank1](http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVpankR4HtoAVtYnFDUieYA) - A YouTube original.  

<hr>

# Reading

## Books

[A Short History of Nearly Everything](http://www.amazon.com/Short-History-Nearly-Everything/dp/076790818X/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1394085733&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=a+short+history+of+nearly+everything) - Bill Bryson will blow your mind for 544 straight pages.  
[Ishmael](http://www.amazon.com/Ishmael-Adventure-Spirit-Daniel-Quinn/dp/0553375407/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1394085661&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=ishmael)[ ](http://www.amazon.com/Ishmael-Adventure-Spirit-Daniel-Quinn/dp/0553375407/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1394085661&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=ishmael)- Forever changed the way I see man’s relation to the Earth. Life changing.  
[Living, Loving, and Learning](http://www.amazon.com/Living-Loving-Learning-Leo-Buscaglia/dp/0449901815/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1394085676&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=living+loving+and+learning) - Leo is one of my major influences.  
[Stumbling on Happiness](http://www.amazon.com/Stumbling-Happiness-Daniel-Gilbert/dp/1400077427/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1394085691&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=stumbling+on+happiness) - We’re not so good at predicting what makes us happy. This book was funny and insightful. I think about it all the time.  
Anything by [Tom Robbins](http://www.amazon.com/Tom-Robbins/e/B000APVAHM).

<hr>
# Online Learning

[Codecademy](http://www.codecademy.com/learn) - beginner tutorials for web technologies.  
[Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/) - Hundreds of free college classes from the world’s best universities.  
[Duolingo](http://www.duolingo.com/) - Learn languages for free; [More effective than college language class or Rosetta stone](https://www.duolingo.com/comment/138340).  
[edX](https://www.edx.org/) - MOOCs by Harvard, MIT, and other top universities.  
[Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/science/core-finance) - an education Mecca.  
[Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/) - MOOCs designed in collaboration with top tech companies.  
[Vocabulary.com](http://www.vocabulary.com/) - Fun way to expand your vocabulary. I find myself using/seeing words from here all the time.

<hr>
Thanks for checking out my list! Comments and pull-requests welcome. :)
